theme                          = tokyonight-storm
font-family                    = JetBrains Mono
font-thicken                   = false
font-size                      = 16
window-inherit-font-size       = true
bold-is-bright                 = true
link-url                       = true
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon      = hidden
macos-titlebar-style           = tabs
mouse-hide-while-typing        = true
window-vsync                   = true
clipboard-paste-protection     = true
clipboard-trim-trailing-spaces = true
copy-on-select                 = true
macos-auto-secure-input        = true
macos-secure-input-indication  = true
quit-after-last-window-closed  = false
scrollback-limit               = 4200
shell-integration              = zsh
window-decoration              = false
gtk-titlebar                   = false
gtk-adwaita                    = false
cursor-invert-fg-bg            = true
